## <b>OEMiROT_Boot Application Description</b>

This project provides an OEMiROT example. OEMiROT boot path performs authenticity and the integrity checks of the project firmware and data images.

OEMiRoT stands for OEM immutable (unchangeable) Root of Trust and acts as a first boot stage. OEMiRoT is an example based on the MCUboot and MbedTLS open-source software. OEMiRoT offers two services:

- The Secure Boot (root of trust service) is an immutable code, which is always executed after a system reset. It checks static protections (options bytes),
  activates runtime protections, and then verifies the authenticity and integrity of the user application code before every execution.
- The Secure Firmware Update application is an immutable code that detects new firmware image candidate. It checks its version (version downgrade prevention),
  authenticity, and integrity before installing it after decryption.

It relies on cryptography hardware peripherals for optimal performances (PKA, SAE, HASH, RNG).
This project is full secure.

An OEM updatable RoT (OEMuRoT) can be generated by compiling OEMiRoT_Boot project with OEMUROT_ENABLE switch activated. OEMuRoT acts as a second boot stage after OEMiROT,
and provides the same two services: Secure Boot and Secure Firmware Update. Both OEMiRoT and OEMuRoT examples are generated based on OEMiRoT_Boot project with the switch OEMUROT_ENABLE
activated or not.

To ease the development process, a prebuild command and postbuild command are integrated in the project.
The prebuild command is in charge of preparing the OEMiROT_Boot scatter file according to flash layout description.
The postbuild command is in charge of preparing the provisioning scripts and the application image (firmware application managed by OEMiROT) configuration files in ROT_Provisioning/OEMiROT
folder, according to the flash layout and OEMiROT configuration.

The maximum system clock frequency at 100Mhz is configured.

### <b>Keywords</b>

TrustZone, OEMiROT, Boot path, Root Of Trust, Security, mcuboot

### <b>Directory contents</b>

  - OEMiROT_Boot/Inc/boot_hal_cfg.h                    Platform configuration file for OEMiROT_Boot
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Inc/boot_hal_flowcontrol.h            Header file for flow control code in boot_hal.c
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Inc/boot_hal_hash_ref.h               Header file for hash reference code in boot_hal.c
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Inc/boot_hal_imagevalid.h             Header file for image validation code in boot_hal.c
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Inc/cmsis.h                           Header file for CMSIS
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Inc/flash_layout.h                    Flash mapping
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Inc/low_level_flash.h                 Header file for low_level_flash.c
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Inc/low_level_spi_flash.h             Header file for low_level_spi_flash.c
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Inc/low_level_rng.h                   Header file for low_level_rng.c
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Inc/low_level_security.h              Header file for low_level_security.c
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Inc/mbedtls_alt_config.h              Configuration file for Middlewares/ST/mbedtls_alt
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Inc/mbedtls_config.h                  MbedTLS configuration file
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Inc/mcuboot_config/mcuboot_config.h   Mcuboot configuration file
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Inc/mpu_armv8m_drv.h                  Header file for mpu_armv8m_drv.c
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Inc/oemirot_peripherals_def.h         Peripheral definitions
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Inc/region_defs.h                     RAM and FLASH regions definitions
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Inc/stm32_board.h                     Definitions for stm32wbaxx board
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Inc/stm32_hal.h                       Header file for wba specifics include
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Inc/stm32_ll.h                        Definitions for stm32wbaxx
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Inc/stm32wbaxx_hal_conf.h             HAL driver configuration file
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Inc/stm32wba55g_discovery_conf.h      STM32WBA55G Discovery board configuration file
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Inc/stm32wba55g_discovery_errno.h     STM32WBA55G Discovery board errors file
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Inc/stm32wba65i_discovery_conf.h      STM32WBA65I Discovery board configuration file
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Inc/stm32wba65i_discovery_errno.h     STM32WBA65I Discovery board errors file
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Inc/target_cfg.h                      Header file for target start up

  - OEMiROT_Boot/Src/bl2_nv_services.c                 Non Volatile services for OEMiROT_Boot
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Src/boot_hal.c                        Platform initialization
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Src/image_macros_to_preprocess_bl2.c  Images definitions to preprocess for bl2
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Src/keys_map.c                        keys indirection to access keys in PERSO area
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Src/low_level_com.c                   Uart low level interface
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Src/low_level_device.c                Flash Low level device configuration
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Src/low_level_flash.c                 Flash Low level interface
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Src/low_level_spi_device.c            External Flash Low level device configuration
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Src/low_level_spi_flash.c             External Flash Low level interface
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Src/low_level_rng.c                   RNG Low level interface
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Src/low_level_security.c              Security Low level services
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Src/mpu_armv8m_drv.c                  Mpu low level interface
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Src/startup_stm32wbaxx.c              Startup file in c
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Src/system_stm32wbaxx.c               System Init file
  - OEMiROT_Boot/Src/tick.c                            HAL Tick implementation

### <b>Hardware and Software environment</b>

  - This example runs on STM32WBA65I-DK1 devices with security enabled (TZEN=B4).
  - This example has been tested with STMicroelectronics STM32WBA65I-DK1 (MB2130)
  - To get debug print in your UART console you have to configure it using these parameters:
    Speed: 115200, Data: 8bits, Parity: None, stop bits: 1, Flow control: none.

### <b>How to use it ?</b>

<u>Before compiling the project, you should first start the provisioning process</u>. During the provisioning process,
the OEMUROT_ENABLE switch will be automatically configured according to bootpath.

Before starting the provisioning process, select the application project to use (application example or template),
through oemirot_appli_path_project variable in ROT_Provisioning/env.bat or env.sh.
Then start provisioning process by running provisioning.bat (.sh) from ROT_Provisioning/OEMiROT or ROT_Provisioning/OEMiROT_OEMuROT,
and follow its instructions. Refer to ROT_Provisioning/OEMiROT or ROT_Provisioning/OEMiROT_OEMuROT readme for more information on
the provisioning process for OEMiROT boot path or OEMiROT_OEMuROT boot path.

Refer to OEMiROT_Appli readme for example of application booted through OEMiROT boot path (or through
OEMiROT_OEMuROT boot path).

For more details, refer to STM32WBA Wiki articles:

  - [STM32WBA security](https://wiki.st.com/stm32mcu/wiki/Category:STM32WBA).
  - [OEMiRoT OEMuRoT for STM32WBA](https://wiki.st.com/stm32mcu/wiki/Security:OEMiRoT_OEMuRoT_for_STM32WBA).
  - [How to start with ROT on STM32WBA](https://wiki.st.com/stm32mcu/wiki/Category:How_to_start_with_RoT_on_WBA).

#### <b>Notes:</b>

By default the anti-tamper is enabled for internal tamper events only. It is possible to change this configuration with
OEMIROT_TAMPER_ENABLE define in Inc\\boot_hal_cfg.h.

```
#define NO_TAMPER            (0)                   /*!< No tamper activated */
#define INTERNAL_TAMPER_ONLY (1)                   /*!< Only Internal tamper activated */
#define ALL_TAMPER           (2)                   /*!< Internal and External tamper activated */
#define OEMIROT_TAMPER_ENABLE INTERNAL_TAMPER_ONLY /*!< TAMPER configuration flag  */
```

If OEMIROT_TAMPER_ENABLE is changed to ALL_TAMPER, the anti-tamper protection is enabled with passive tamper pin usage.
It is needed to connect TAMP_IN4 (PC13 on CN8 pin 4) to VCC on the STM32WBA65I-DK1 board and reset the board to trigger a tamper event.
When nothing is connected to TAMP_IN4, the application is running.
Moreover, no warning message about anti-tamper detection will be displayed if OEMIROT_DEV_MODE enabled.

### <b>Restrictions:</b>

For STM32WBA65I-DK1 devices, with all IDE's, the are the following limitation:

   - RDP level 0.5 not supported.

